all the runners came home healthy and
save tonight at the end of this stage
marathon and it was not a thin
deal considering weather conditions
it rained and this bad weather will have
accompanied for a good part of
the day the peloton of this round of
France at the end of this 19th stage everything
will therefore be played in the against the
tomorrow's watch for thibaut pinot face
to these opponents jean christophe péraud
and Alejandro Valverde
but tonight we were coming back to this
day this difficult step and one gets
congratulate on not having completely
lost all serenity yes we had we had
not really planned a day like this
we knew it was going to rain a little
few storms but we had a good
part of the stage under the waterspouts
to really be ondo ossa made the race
dangerous nerve yet a step
still difficult where the organisms are
tired we had discussed before the
starting with arnaud that
it was first priority panty handsome
all day a final that can be
a little complicated than if arnaud had
still legs to go to do his
sprint was average but a good arnaud
it's not weather conditions it
really appreciate for the faluns this
crime and then it was all first for
thibault and when we saw the son a little
the more it was complicated it was
the main thing was to spend a
the most serene day possible
so obviously it was not obvious
with the weather conditions but no
the main thing was not to lose
time to learn from break
obviously avoid falls that was
An evidence
so that was done and so
now more than just focusing on
the chrono that arrives in terms of
recovery just after a day
more is not it penalizing
if penalizing but it's penalizing for
everyone so no good massage this
evening they will make a coup de
cryotherapy for some and then
tomorrow we go again everything
protocol we spend time there
leave it with energy
and
here's that jersey that's preventing that
three days who has it so we do not have no
the longer the pulse pressure too much time
on protocol and it will not be
penalizing for the rest we had a
chrono everything place was completely
for powerful cures as perron there
it really was a course of
vertical drop using breaks legs we will say
same name on the contrary it will benefit
thibout in any case it's going to level the
values ​​and he ends up well so we
is optimistic for tomorrow
the most amazing after this day
trying is that teammates
thibaut pinot did not even lose
their smile
it was really difficult internal food
we learned buckets of water when we want
to say it was he had to remain vigilant
bus when a guy placed at the general like
thibault you always have to stay
vigilant because there the falls were
Finally, there was no
but it could have been hot months
thanks to exit tickets we got cold
but of course we did well
so, it's all right
yes I think he is illiterate
the child we saw in the penultimate
bump and it we had them climb it
and he manages to go up alone
yes I managed to come back and he
but it's true that he was there and I
seeing that they were very strong I think
which is for tomorrow that will do it
no no the dangerous rain a very final
chaotic but hey he did not lose any
time it will save the essential
exactly there will not have been a single
transitional step that's for sure banon
when it could have been windy and
and still today it could have been
quiet but there was rain
I think for the recovery it goes
to be a big problem tomorrow with a view to
against the clock for thibault no I
do not think I think he spent a
day still quiet even though
does not always have the favor of
predictions against the specialist jean
christophe Péraud facing the experienced
alejandro valverde
thibaut pinot counts well tomorrow
stay in second place
General classification
the verdict will fall after 54 km of race
and we will be in périgueux at the end of
this 20th stage